docs/digital-marketing/digital-marketing-landing-page.md, before:

---
title: Guide | Azure Solutions | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure Digital Marketing Solution
services: ''
documentationcenter: na
author: petertay
manager: 
editor: ''
tags: ''
---

# Solution Architecture: Simple Digital Marketing Website

Your simple digital marketing website will be built from multiple Azure services, and you have some technology decisions to make and some considerations to be aware of.

First, regardless of the web framework you choose, you have to decide how you're going to host it: either using Paas (platform-as-a-service) or IaaS (infrastructure-as-a-service). Read about each of these hosting approaches in the "host your digital marketing website" node in the table of contents to the left. The documentation describes each approach and even include templates to deploy fully working architectures to Azure.

Next, you'll have to decide what web framework to use. This decision will influence which technologies you use to build your digital marketing website - what type of data storage, what type of data analytics, and what type of application lifecycle management. Read about each of these in the "create your digital marketing website" node in the table of contents to the left. 

Once you've created your website, decided how you'll manage the website's lifecycle, and started writing code you will want to make sure your website takes advantage of everything Azure has to offer. Azure provides the tools to make your website resilient, secure, and  automatically scale to meet customer demand. Read about how to accomplish this in the "take advantage of Azure strengths" node in the table of contents to the left.

## Next Steps

We've provided a complete sample digital marketing solution that includes code, deployment files, and application lifecycle management (DevOps) tools. You can either use this solution as it is or modify it to suit your needs. For more information, see *link*.

Commit message:

Add big data, analytics, and ML content

docs/digital-marketing/digital-marketing-landing-page.md, after:

---
title: Guide | Azure Solutions | Microsoft Docs
description: Azure Digital Marketing Solution
services: ''
documentationcenter: na
author: petertay
manager: 
editor: ''
tags: ''
---

# Solution Architecture: Simple Digital Marketing Website

Your simple digital marketing website will be built from multiple Azure services, and you have some technology decisions to make and some considerations to be aware of.

First, regardless of the web framework you choose, you have to decide how you're going to host it: either using Paas (platform-as-a-service) or IaaS (infrastructure-as-a-service). Read about each of these hosting approaches in the "host your digital marketing website" node in the table of contents to the left. The documentation describes each approach and even include templates to deploy fully working architectures to Azure.

Next, you'll have to decide what web framework to use. This decision will influence which technologies you use to build your digital marketing website - what type of data storage, what type of data analytics, and what type of application lifecycle management. Read about each of these in the "create your digital marketing website" node in the table of contents to the left. 

Once you've created your website, decided how you'll manage the website's lifecycle, and started writing code you will want to make sure your website takes advantage of everything Azure has to offer. Azure provides the tools to make your website resilient, secure, and  automatically scale to meet customer demand. Read about how to accomplish this in the "take advantage of Azure strengths" node in the table of contents to the left.

Once your customers are using your site you will want to leverage the power of big data to analyze your customer's behavior on your site to optimize their experience and predict what features they want. Azure offers a set of powerful big data and machine learning tools that will enable you to do this and much more. Read about how to integrate Azure big data, analytics, and machine learning tools in the "Integrate big data, analytics, and machine learning into your site" node in the table of contents to the left. 

## Next Steps

We've provided a complete sample digital marketing solution that includes code, deployment files, and application lifecycle management (DevOps) tools. You can either use this solution as it is or modify it to suit your needs. For more information, see *link*.
